Update the docs to show we can do 3D stokes drift (#5090)
CliMA/Oceananigans.jl: docs/src/models/stokes_drift.md

# output

UniformStokesDrift with parameters (k=0.10472, Uˢ=0.01):
├── ∂z_uˢ: ∂z_uˢ
├── ∂z_vˢ: zerofunction
├── ∂t_uˢ: zerofunction
└── ∂t_vˢ: zerofunction
```

### Using `UniformStokesDrift` in a model

To include Stokes drift in a [`NonhydrostaticModel`](@ref), pass the `stokes_drift` object as a
keyword argument:

```jldoctest stokes
grid = RectilinearGrid(size = (32, 32, 32), extent = (128, 128, 64))
∂z_uˢ(z, t) = 0.01 * exp(z / 10)
model = NonhydrostaticModel(; grid, stokes_drift = UniformStokesDrift(∂z_uˢ = ∂z_uˢ))
model.stokes_drift

# output

UniformStokesDrift{Nothing}:
├── ∂z_uˢ: ∂z_uˢ
├── ∂z_vˢ: zerofunction
├── ∂t_uˢ: zerofunction
└── ∂t_vˢ: zerofunction
```

## `StokesDrift`

[`StokesDrift`](@ref) is used for three-dimensional, spatially-varying Stokes drift fields such
as might arise from a wave packet with a horizontally-varying envelope:

```math
\boldsymbol{u}^S = u^S(x, y, z, t) \hat{\boldsymbol{x}} + v^S(x, y, z, t) \hat{\boldsymbol{y}} + w^S(x, y, z, t) \hat{\boldsymbol{z}}
```

!!! warning "Divergence-free requirement"
    For three-dimensional Stokes drift, the provided Stokes drift field must be divergence-free

>     (solenoidal): ``\nabla \cdot \boldsymbol{u}^S = 0``. This is required for consistency with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (solenoidal): ``\boldsymbol{\nabla} \boldsymbol{\cdot} \boldsymbol{u}^S = 0``. This is required for consistency with
```

>     the Craik-Leibovich formulation as discussed by [Vanneste and Young (2022)](@cite VannesteYoung2022).

Reviewer: Since it's not within a docstring and we'd never be wanting to see this via the REPL, we can just use the simpler `@citet`:

```suggestion
    the Craik-Leibovich formulation as discussed by [VannesteYoung2022](@citet).
```
